---
title: 02.3월_고1_영어_듣기대본
school: 
date: 
category: general-notice
originalFile: 02.3월_고1_영어_듣기대본.pdf
extractedAt: 2026-01-28T07:08:44.004Z
---

2025 2025 2025 2025 2025 2025 2025 2025 2025 2025 2025 2025 2025 2025 학년도 학년도 학년도 학년도 학년도 학년도 학년도 학년도 학년도 학년도 학년도 학년도 학년도 학년도 2025학년도 전국연합학력평가 전국연합학력평가 전국연합학력평가 전국연합학력평가 전국연합학력평가 전국연합학력평가 전국연합학력평가 전국연합학력평가 전국연합학력평가 전국연합학력평가 전국연합학력평가 전국연합학력평가 전국연합학력평가 전국연합학력평가 전국연합학력평가 전국연합학력평가 전국연합학력평가 전국연합학력평가 전국연합학력평가 듣기평가 대본 3월 고1 영어 영어 영어 영어 영어 영어 영어 영어 영어 영어 영어 영어 영어 영어 영역 영역 영역 영역 영역 영역 영역 영역 영역 영역 영역 영역 영역 영역 영어 영역 2025학년도 3월 1학년 영어 듣기평가 1 17 1.다음을 듣고, 남자가 하는 말의 목적으로 가장 적절한 것을 고르시오. M:Good morning, students. This is your vice principal Richard Simpson. As you know, our school drone club was awarded first prize at the Drone Show Contest. Actually, I asked the drone club to perform the show again for you. And they said, “Yes.” So I would recommend you watch the performance at the school field tomorrow. Please come and see the club’s drone performance, and show your support. Thank you. 2025학년도 3월 1학년 영어 듣기평가 2 17 2.대화를 듣고, 여자의 의견으로 가장 적절한 것을 고르시오. W:Ryan, did you enjoy the musical “Tigers” yesterday? M:Yes, I loved it. I can’t believe we got tickets for such a popular show. W:Yes, we were lucky. By the way, it reminded me of the class musical that we have to prepare for the next month’s school festival. M:You read my mind! I think we should look for a musical with a variety of music. W:Well, there might be something even more important than that. M:Should we give the audience a meaningful lesson? W:Not necessarily. Do you remember what we did last year? M:Yes. We focused on preparing a musical that was easy to perform. W:Right. But not everyone participated. I think everyone should have a role for the class musical. M:That’s a good point. 2025학년도 3월 1학년 영어 듣기평가 3 17 3.다음을 듣고, 남자가 하는 말의 요지로 가장 적절한 것을 고르시오. M:Welcome to the Healing Tip Podcast. I’m Dr. Smith. In our busy lives, what do you think is just as important as exercising or eating well for your health? It’s rest. Rest plays a crucial role in maintaining your overall well‐being. It allows your body to heal and recharge, while also helping your mind relax and improving focus. That’s why I want to emphasize how important rest is for your health. Taking time to rest can prevent stress and boost your overall wellness. So, don’t skip those breaks! 2025학년도 3월 1학년 영어 듣기평가 4 17 4.대화를 듣고, 그림에서 대화의 내용과 일치하지 않는 것을 고르시오. W:Hi, Jayden, you know what? I visited the Dream Gallery with my mom yesterday. M:Oh, I’ve always wanted to visit there. Did you take any pictures? W:Sure. Look at this. M:Is the person wearing a striped­dress your mom? W:Yes, it is. She really loved the painting on the left side of the wall. M:Oh, the painting of flowers? That’s nice. I also like the other painting. W:You mean the painting of umbrellas in the round frame? M:Yes, it caught my eye. I can see a person sitting on the right side of the picture. Who’s the person? W:The man wearing glasses, right? He’s the manager of the gallery. M:I see. What’s the arrow sign on the right wall? W:It shows the direction to the next area. M:Oh, the gallery must be huge! 2025학년도 3월 1학년 영어 듣기평가 5 17 5.대화를 듣고, 남자가 할 일로 가장 적절한 것을 고르시오. W:Honey, the flowers are really beautiful these days. Why don’t we take a walk this weekend? M:Wow, that sounds great. Do you have any particular place in mind? W:Yes, I’d like to visit the Grand Forest. I’ve already downloaded the map of the forest. M:That’s nice. Do we have to buy entrance tickets? W:Yes. We can buy tickets online. I’ll buy two tickets in the afternoon. M:Great. Let’s have a nice lunch there, too. There’s a restaurant called Treehouse Pasta in the Grand Forest. W:Nice. Do we have to make a reservation? M:Yes. I’ll make the reservation right away. W:Then, I’ll look up the menu of the restaurant. M:Thanks. 2025학년도 3월 1학년 영어 듣기평가 6 17 6.대화를 듣고, 여자가 지불할 금액을 고르시오. M:Hello. How can I help you today? W:Hi. I’m here to buy some decorations for my sister’s shoes. M:Great. We have those over here. They are five dollars each. W:She would love the decorations with this frog character, so I’ll take two of them. M:Wonderful. Do you need anything else? W:Oh, I’ve just noticed this cute bracelet for her. How much is it? M:It’s ten dollars. W:I’ll buy it. And I’d like them gift­wrapped, please. M:We charge for gift­wrapping. It costs three dollars. Would that be okay with you? W:Yes, that’s fine. M:Then, I’ll gift­wrap two decorations and one bracelet together in one box. W:Okay. Here’s my credit card. 2025학년도 3월 1학년 영어 듣기평가 7 17 7.대화를 듣고, 남자가 휴대 전화를 수리받지 못한 이유를 고르시오. W:Hi, Brian. Why didn’t you answer my text message yesterday? I wanted to ask about the math exam. M:Hi, Sarah. I’m really sorry. I broke my cell phone yesterday, so I couldn’t read it. W:Oh, no! What happened to it? M:Well, I dropped it while getting off the bus. And now, it doesn’t work at all. W:Why didn’t you get it fixed? M:I wanted to, but I couldn’t. W:Was it because you couldn’t find a repair shop? There’s one right by the bus stop near our school. M:I went there to get it fixed, but I couldn’t. W:Oh, did you have to wait too long? M:No, I didn’t. Actually, I didn’t know I had to make a reservation in advance. So I just went back home. W:Ah! That’s too bad! 2025학년도 3월 1학년 영어 듣기평가 8 17 8.대화를 듣고, Future Generation Talk Show에 관해 언급되지 않은 것을 고르 시오. [Cell phone rings.] M:Hi, Kelly. What’s up? W:Hey, Robert. Do you have time on Friday? M:Sure. W:Have you heard about the Future Generation Talk Show? M:Oh, you mean the talk show that will be held at Southern University? W:Yes, that’s right. Professor Peter Johnson is coming to talk. M:The famous Peter Johnson? What’s the topic of the talk show? W:It’s about the low birth rate issue and how it’s affecting the future. M:Sounds interesting. Can I watch the talk show online? W:No. There’s no live streaming service. But if you go there, you can ask questions directly to Professor Johnson. M:Great. I can go in person. Can we go together? W:Sure! I’ll text you the details of the talk show right now. 2025학년도 3월 1학년 영어 듣기평가 9 17 9.Science Day 행사에 관한 다음 내용을 듣고, 일치하지 않는 것을 고르시오. W:Hello, students! This is your science teacher Jane Brown. I have some good news. This Saturday we’re having Science Day at our school. In the morning, coding experts will teach you how to make a computer program. You can also operate some robots by yourself in the school hall. In the afternoon, your science teachers will run some experimental booths for you. It’s a good chance to experiment with what you’ve learned from the textbooks. You can sign up for Science Day by scanning the QR codes on the school board. For the participants, lunch will be provided. Come and enjoy Science Day! 2025학년도 3월 1학년 영어 듣기평가 10 17 10.다음 표를 보면서 대화를 듣고, 여자가 수강할 운동 수업을 고르시오. M:Sweetie, what are you doing? W:I’m looking at the schedule for exercise classes. Would you like to help me choose? M:Sure. What’s your budget for it? W:Well, I don’t want to spend more than forty dollars. M:Okay. Then, forget about this one. What about class time? W:As you know, I have things to do in the afternoon. M:In that case, let’s cross this one out. Now you have dancing and tennis left. W:I heard the tennis class is held outside. I don’t like outdoor sports. M:Okay. Then, we have only two exercise classes left. Which level is good for you? W:Since I’ve already taken the beginner’s class, I’ll take the other one this time. 2025학년도 3월 1학년 영어 듣기평가 11 17 11.대화를 듣고, 여자의 마지막 말에 대한 남자의 응답으로 가장 적절한 것을 고르시오. W:Hi, Daniel. Are you ready for your presentation tomorrow? M:Hi, Tina. Not really. I’ve finished my slides, but I haven’t practiced my speech yet. W:How do you usually practice it? M: 2025학년도 3월 1학년 영어 듣기평가 12 17 12.대화를 듣고, 남자의 마지막 말에 대한 여자의 응답으로 가장 적절한 것을 고르시오. M:Ashley, do you remember the digital poster we made to upload on social media? W:Yes, of course. It was about food waste, right? M:Exactly. Let’s print it out and put it on the wall in our school cafeteria. W: 2025학년도 3월 1학년 영어 듣기평가 13 17 13.대화를 듣고, 여자의 마지막 말에 대한 남자의 응답으로 가장 적절한 것을 고르시오. W:Chris, you’ve been looking so tired these days. M:Yeah, Mom. I’m studying for my first high school exam. I really want to do well. W:I understand, but I’m worried about you. Have you had any trouble managing your time? M:Well, I don’t have enough of it. I’ve been staying up late studying these days. W:Staying up late won’t help you much, Chris. M:But I have so much to do, Mom. W:I see your point, but staying up too late might actually hurt your chances of doing well. M:Maybe you’re right, but I thought studying would be more helpful to me than sleeping. W:Not if you’re too tired. If you don’t sleep enough, it’ll hurt your focus and memory. M: 2025학년도 3월 1학년 영어 듣기평가 14 17 14.대화를 듣고, 남자의 마지막 말에 대한 여자의 응답으로 가장 적절한 것을 고르시오. M:Hi, Cindy! What are you doing this weekend? W:I’m going to play badminton with my friends. M:You play badminton quite often. W:It’s my new hobby. It helps me reduce stress. M:How nice! I’ve been looking for something to reduce stress. W:Well, you don’t have to think too hard. Just think of something that makes you happy. M:Hmm.... But nothing comes to mind right away. W:Then, why don’t you come and play badminton with me this Saturday? You’ll like it, too, I think. M:Really? Is it okay if I join you? W:Of course, it is! We meet at the sports center every Saturday morning. M:Thanks a lot! Do I need to prepare anything? W: 2025학년도 3월 1학년 영어 듣기평가 15 17 15.다음 상황 설명을 듣고, Kevin이 Ms. Tyler에게 할 말로 가장 적절한 것을 고르시오. M:Kevin is the president of the Starlight Club in the school. For weeks, the club has been preparing the star­viewing camp­night at the school yard with the club teacher, Ms. Tyler. They expected that the sky would be clear on camp­night. But today, there’s a sudden change in the weather forecast, and it says it’s going to rain during camp­night. It means the camp cannot go on as planned. Kevin wants to ask Ms. Tyler if they can change the camp date to another day. In this situation, what would Kevin most likely say to Ms. Tyler? Kevin: 2025학년도 3월 1학년 영어 듣기평가 16 17 16번부터 17번은 두 번 들려줍니다. [16~17]다음을 듣고, 물음에 답하시오. W:Hello! Everyone. I’m Jasmine, a travel photographer, and I’m excited to share some wonderful places to take photos around the world. The first place is Times Square in New York. It is full of energy, with its tall buildings and busy sidewalks. Next, Rome amazed me with its famous historical places, like the Colosseum. It made me feel like traveling back in time! And when you visit London, you shouldn’t miss Buckingham Palace. It’s a perfect place for once­in­a­lifetime photos. Lastly, in Sydney, the Opera House was great for taking beautiful sunset photos. Traveling with a camera is such a joy, and I can’t wait to share more travel places with you. Now let’s take a look at the photos of these places. 16.여자가 하는 말의 주제로 가장 적절한 것은? 2025학년도 3월 1학년 영어 듣기평가 17 17 17.언급된 도시가 아닌 것은?